1st round:
----------

1. Difference between linked list and array List ?
2. best cuse of linked list and array List. Tell me the scenarios
3. we have file and taht file has all the words. find out the duplicate words in the file and which data structure is best for this operation
4. write a program for fibonacci series in recursive way
5. write a program for palindrome for a string
6. find the missing elament in a sorted array array. 
     ex int[] i={0,1,2,3,4,6,7,8}
7. if string is given find the repeated characters in the given String
8. Asking the Basic question on oops. asked about constructor how its work on inheritence scenarion.
9. Diffence between Thread and runnable and why we should go for runnable always

2nd round :
----------

1. Asking about project structure
2. questions on my previous projects
3. Give twwo table and aking the basic quieries like find the employees who are working in the particulat department  nad questions on related quiries ?
4. primary key and foreignkey concept
5. find the 4th highest salary in Employee table. wt are the ways u can increase the performance of quesry if we use subquiries
6. hashmap implementation. why we override the equals() and hashcode() method ?
7. explain the logic of wriiteen programs in 1st round (find missing element in an array and duplicate characters and their occurances in give string) 
8. find the minimum element in the give arry?
9. how u find the minimum element in arry in first attemt like O(1)  and which data structue is best to find like this.
10. Linear search concept
11. write a program for binary Search and explain ?
12. ho the Treemap is working internally and which algoritham is internally used.
13. questions on binary tree.
14. which design pattern spring internally using
15. life cycle of servlets and spring bean life cycle
16. Difference between the Where clause and having clause ?

3rd round:
----------

1. questions related to project related stuff.
2. questions on JSF framework
3. difference between service first and contract first.
4. concept of inheritence . how we access the private data members of parent class in child class. if it is possible how.
5. what is reflection API.
6. write a profgarm for jdbc connction. how internally java woking with databse. how you are connct using JDBC and what happened internally ?
7. what the class.forname(com.igate.Test) will do internall. how it will load the particular driver ?
8. how many ways we can copy the object.
9. can we clone the userdefined object ? how we clone the user defined Objects?
10. difference between the shallow cloning and deep cloning and which one is default
11. write a program for intersection of collwctions means. take any two collections and find the common elments and retrieve
12. write a program to find the average of give array of elements
13. writ the program for serialization and concept of serialization.
14. asking about environment variable and tell the steps toi install tomcat in to ur machine
15. what is the GWT frame work what are the advantages compared to other frameworks
16. asking about Jvascript and how u did the scription in your project.
17. what is AJAX and when we go for AJAX calls.  
18. how you are handling the calender components in you application and how you are validating.
19. some basic question on Oops concepts....
	 